#Aria .NET SDK

The Aria .NET SDK is a library that provides the easiest and quickest way to use the [Aria](http://www.ariasystems.com/) REST and SOAP web services of Core API/Object-Query API/AdminTools API in your .NET application. The .NET SDK also includes sample UI applications integrated with Aria API calls in REST as well as SOAP. This allows you to leverage your existing investment in .NET development while adding the features you need to support your account holders through the Aria Platform.

##Installation

1. The C# files "AriaBillingComplete.cs", "AriaBillingObjectQuery.cs", "AriaBillingAdminTools.cs", "References_admin.cs" and "RestUtilities.cs" for REST mode of SDK are generated on every release and available in GitHub (under NetSDK\src\AriaRestClient).
2. Similarly, the test classes "AriaCompleteTest.cs", "AriaObjectQueryTest.cs" and "AriaAdminToolsTest.cs" are updated in GitHub (under NetSDK\src\AriarestClientTest) on every release. These classes are used to show how to call the respective APIs and how to consume the response.
3. Generate the library following the instructions in the [Readme.txt] file included in the NetSDK folder. 
4. The library files (AriaWebService.DLL and AriaRestClient.DLL) generated by step 3 are available inside the "NetSDK\build" folder.
5. Import these DLLs to your own .NET project and call the desired API in REST or SOAP mode by using the corresponding "AriaBilling*" class.

## Web app installer
The repository also has two web applications that explain how these SDK libraries can be used in web applications. Their usage is explained below.

1.	To test FullReg and FreeReg web applications, copy the library files (generated above) to library/AriaSDK in the FreeReg and FullReg solution directory.
2.	Open the solution file in Visual Studio and build it (build the installer project also, if any component is modified).
3.	By executing Installer (that resides in all client application folder) host the application in IIS. Refer to the 'Installation guide.doc' for the steps to use the Installer.
4.	Then open the application URL in the browser and observe the account registration wizard.

##Usage

1. For Core API, use REST or SOAP's Aria.SDK.AriaServices.AriaWebServices.AriaBillingComplete class from their respective package. The dispatcher url is available in "aria-complete-dispatcher-url" setting as retrieved below.
       
       public static AriaBillingComplete mService = new AriaBillingComplete(ConfigurationManager.AppSettings["aria-complete-dispatcher-url"]);

       get_client_itemsRequest request = new get_client_itemsRequest
            {
            client_no = ClientNumber,
            auth_key = AuthorizationKey,
            filter_currency_cd = "",
            return_no_cost_items = "",
            filter_item_no = 1
            };

        var response = mService.get_client_items(request);

2. For Object-Query API, use REST's or SOAP's Aria.SDK.AriaServices.AriaWebServices.AriaBillingObjectQuery class from their respective package. The dispatcher url is available in "aria-object-query-dispatcher-url" setting.

3. For AdminTools API, use Aria.SDK.AriaServices.AriaWebServices.AriaBillingAdminTools class. Note that the AdminTools API is supported only in REST mode in Aria. The dispatcher url is available in "aria-admin-tools-dispatcher-url" setting.

##More Information

Check out [Aria Developer Central](http://developer.ariasystems.net) for more examples, details, and support on [Aria](http://www.ariasystems.com/) services and features.
